README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
 <a href="https://webrtc.rs"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/webrtc.rs.png" alt="WebRTC.rs"></a>
 <br>
</h1>
<p align="center">
 <a href="https://github.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/actions"> 
  <img src="https://github.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/workflows/webrtc/badge.svg?branch=master">
 </a> 
 <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/webrtc-rs/webrtc"> 
  <img src="https://codecov.io/gh/webrtc-rs/webrtc/branch/master/graph/badge.svg">
 </a>
 <a href="https://deps.rs/repo/github/webrtc-rs/webrtc"> 
  <img src="https://deps.rs/repo/github/webrtc-rs/webrtc/status.svg">
 </a>
 <a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc"> 
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc.svg">
 </a> 
 <a href="https://docs.rs/webrtc"> 
  <img src="https://docs.rs/webrtc/badge.svg">
 </a>
 <a href="https://doc.rust-lang.org/1.6.0/complement-project-faq.html#why-dual-mitasl2-license">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%2FApache--2.0-blue" alt="License: MIT/Apache 2.0">
 </a>
 <a href="https://discord.gg/4Ju8UHdXMs">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/800204819540869120?logo=discord" alt="Discord">
 </a>
 <a href="https://twitter.com/WebRTCrs">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/webrtcrs.svg?style=social&label=%40WebRTCrs" alt="Twitter">
 </a>  
</p>
<p align="center">
 A pure Rust implementation of WebRTC stack. Rewrite <a href="http://Pion.ly">Pion</a> WebRTC stack in Rust
</p>

<p align="center">
<strong>Sponsored with 💖 by</strong><br>
</p>
<p align="center">
<strong>Gold Sponsors:</strong><br>
<a href="https://www.parity.io/" target="_blank">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/parity.png" style="height:75px;" alt="Parity Technologies">
</a><br>
<p align="center">
<strong>Silver Sponsors:</strong><br>
<a href="https://getstream.io/?utm_source=https://github.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc&utm_medium=github&utm_content=developer&utm_term=webrtc" target="_blank">
<img src="https://stream-blog-v2.imgix.net/blog/wp-content/uploads/f7401112f41742c4e173c30d4f318cb8/stream_logo_white.png?h=50" alt="Stream Chat">
</a><br>
<strong>Bronze Sponsors:</strong><br>
<a href="https://www.embark-studios.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/embark.jpg" alt="embark"></a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/AdrianEddy" target="_blank">AdrianEddy</a>
</p>

#

<details>
<summary><b>Table of Content</b></summary>

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Building](#building)
  - [Toolchain](#toolchain)
  - [Monorepo Setup](#monorepo-setup)
  - [Testing with Local Dependencies](#testing-with-local-dependencies)
- [Open Source License](#open-source-license) 
- [Contributing](#contributing)
</details>

#

## Overview

WebRTC.rs is a pure Rust implementation of WebRTC stack, which rewrites <a href="https://github.com/pion/webrtc/releases/tag/v3.1.5">Pion</a> stack in Rust.
This project is still in active and early development stage, please refer to the [Roadmap](https://github.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/issues/1) to track the major milestones and releases.
[Examples](https://github.com/webrtc-rs/examples/blob/main/examples/README.md) provide code samples to show how to use webrtc-rs to build media and data channel applications.

## Features

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">WebRTC<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc.svg"></a>
    <br>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">Media<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc-media"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc-media.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">Interceptor<a href="https://crates.io/crates/interceptor"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/interceptor.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">Data<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc-data"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc-data.svg"></a>
    <br>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">RTP<a href="https://crates.io/crates/rtp"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/rtp.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">RTCP<a href="https://crates.io/crates/rtcp"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/rtcp.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">SRTP<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc-srtp"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc-srtp.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">SCTP<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc-sctp"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc-sctp.svg"></a>
    <br>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">DTLS<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc-dtls"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc-dtls.svg"></a>
    <br>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">mDNS<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc-mdns"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc-mdns.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">STUN<a href="https://crates.io/crates/stun"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/stun.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">TURN<a href="https://crates.io/crates/turn"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/turn.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">ICE<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc-ice"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc-ice.svg"></a>
    <br>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">SDP<a href="https://crates.io/crates/sdp"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/sdp.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">Util<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc-util"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc-util.svg"></a>
</p>
<p align="center">
 <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/webrtc_crates_dep_graph.png" alt="WebRTC Crates Dependency Graph">
</p>
<p align="center">
 <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/webrtc_stack.png" alt="WebRTC Stack">
</p>

## Building

### Toolchain

webrtc-rs currently requires Rust 1.57.0+ to build.

### Monorepo Setup

All webrtc dependent crates and examples are added as [submodules](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules) of this repository under /crates/ or /examples/.

```
git clone https://github.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc
cd webrtc
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

To build all webrtc dependent crates:

```
cd webrtc/crates
cargo build [or clippy or test or fmt]
```

To build all webrtc examples:

```
cd webrtc/examples
cargo test # build all examples (maybe very slow)
#[ or just build single example (much faster)
cargo build --example play-from-disk-vpx # build play-from-disk-vpx example only
cargo build --example play-from-disk-h264 # build play-from-disk-h264 example only
#...
#]   
```

To build webrtc crate:

```
cd webrtc
cargo build [or clippy or test or fmt]
```


### Testing with Local Dependencies
Follows this instruction about how to replace dependencies with patch for local testing:

https://doc.rust-lang.org/edition-guide/rust-2018/cargo-and-crates-io/replacing-dependencies-with-patch.html


## Open Source License
Dual licensing under both MIT and Apache-2.0 is the currently accepted standard by the Rust language community and has been used for both the compiler and many public libraries since (see https://doc.rust-lang.org/1.6.0/complement-project-faq.html#why-dual-mitasl2-license). In order to match the community standards, webrtc-rs is using the dual MIT+Apache-2.0 license.


## Contributing
Contributors or Pull Requests are Welcome!!!

Commit message:

Update README.md instructions after monorepo merge

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
 <a href="https://webrtc.rs"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/webrtc.rs.png" alt="WebRTC.rs"></a>
 <br>
</h1>
<p align="center">
 <a href="https://github.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/actions"> 
  <img src="https://github.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/workflows/webrtc/badge.svg?branch=master">
 </a> 
 <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/webrtc-rs/webrtc"> 
  <img src="https://codecov.io/gh/webrtc-rs/webrtc/branch/master/graph/badge.svg">
 </a>
 <a href="https://deps.rs/repo/github/webrtc-rs/webrtc"> 
  <img src="https://deps.rs/repo/github/webrtc-rs/webrtc/status.svg">
 </a>
 <a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc"> 
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc.svg">
 </a> 
 <a href="https://docs.rs/webrtc"> 
  <img src="https://docs.rs/webrtc/badge.svg">
 </a>
 <a href="https://doc.rust-lang.org/1.6.0/complement-project-faq.html#why-dual-mitasl2-license">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%2FApache--2.0-blue" alt="License: MIT/Apache 2.0">
 </a>
 <a href="https://discord.gg/4Ju8UHdXMs">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/800204819540869120?logo=discord" alt="Discord">
 </a>
 <a href="https://twitter.com/WebRTCrs">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/webrtcrs.svg?style=social&label=%40WebRTCrs" alt="Twitter">
 </a>  
</p>
<p align="center">
 A pure Rust implementation of WebRTC stack. Rewrite <a href="http://Pion.ly">Pion</a> WebRTC stack in Rust
</p>

<p align="center">
<strong>Sponsored with 💖 by</strong><br>
</p>
<p align="center">
<strong>Gold Sponsors:</strong><br>
<a href="https://www.parity.io/" target="_blank">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/parity.png" style="height:75px;" alt="Parity Technologies">
</a><br>
<p align="center">
<strong>Silver Sponsors:</strong><br>
<a href="https://getstream.io/?utm_source=https://github.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc&utm_medium=github&utm_content=developer&utm_term=webrtc" target="_blank">
<img src="https://stream-blog-v2.imgix.net/blog/wp-content/uploads/f7401112f41742c4e173c30d4f318cb8/stream_logo_white.png?h=50" alt="Stream Chat">
</a><br>
<strong>Bronze Sponsors:</strong><br>
<a href="https://www.embark-studios.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/embark.jpg" alt="embark"></a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/AdrianEddy" target="_blank">AdrianEddy</a>
</p>

#

<details>
<summary><b>Table of Content</b></summary>

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Building](#building)
  - [Toolchain](#toolchain)
  - [Monorepo Setup](#monorepo-setup)
  - [Testing with Local Dependencies](#testing-with-local-dependencies)
- [Open Source License](#open-source-license) 
- [Contributing](#contributing)
</details>

#

## Overview

WebRTC.rs is a pure Rust implementation of WebRTC stack, which rewrites <a href="https://github.com/pion/webrtc/releases/tag/v3.1.5">Pion</a> stack in Rust.
This project is still in active and early development stage, please refer to the [Roadmap](https://github.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/issues/1) to track the major milestones and releases.
[Examples](https://github.com/webrtc-rs/examples/blob/main/examples/README.md) provide code samples to show how to use webrtc-rs to build media and data channel applications.

## Features

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">WebRTC<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc.svg"></a>
    <br>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">Media<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc-media"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc-media.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">Interceptor<a href="https://crates.io/crates/interceptor"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/interceptor.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">Data<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc-data"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc-data.svg"></a>
    <br>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">RTP<a href="https://crates.io/crates/rtp"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/rtp.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">RTCP<a href="https://crates.io/crates/rtcp"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/rtcp.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">SRTP<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc-srtp"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc-srtp.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">SCTP<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc-sctp"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc-sctp.svg"></a>
    <br>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">DTLS<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc-dtls"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc-dtls.svg"></a>
    <br>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">mDNS<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc-mdns"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc-mdns.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">STUN<a href="https://crates.io/crates/stun"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/stun.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">TURN<a href="https://crates.io/crates/turn"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/turn.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">ICE<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc-ice"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc-ice.svg"></a>
    <br>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">SDP<a href="https://crates.io/crates/sdp"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/sdp.svg"></a>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/check.png">Util<a href="https://crates.io/crates/webrtc-util"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webrtc-util.svg"></a>
</p>
<p align="center">
 <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/webrtc_crates_dep_graph.png" alt="WebRTC Crates Dependency Graph">
</p>
<p align="center">
 <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/webrtc-rs/webrtc/master/doc/webrtc_stack.png" alt="WebRTC Stack">
</p>

## Building

### Toolchain

webrtc-rs currently requires Rust 1.57.0+ to build.

### Monorepo Setup

All webrtc dependent crates and examples are included in this repository at the top level in a Cargo workspace.

To build all webrtc examples:

```
cd examples
cargo test # build all examples (maybe very slow)
#[ or just build single example (much faster)
cargo build --example play-from-disk-vpx # build play-from-disk-vpx example only
cargo build --example play-from-disk-h264 # build play-from-disk-h264 example only
#...
#]   
```

To build webrtc crate:

```
cargo build [or clippy or test or fmt]
```

## Open Source License
Dual licensing under both MIT and Apache-2.0 is the currently accepted standard by the Rust language community and has been used for both the compiler and many public libraries since (see https://doc.rust-lang.org/1.6.0/complement-project-faq.html#why-dual-mitasl2-license). In order to match the community standards, webrtc-rs is using the dual MIT+Apache-2.0 license.


## Contributing
Contributors or Pull Requests are Welcome!!!
